fix #29294 (#29444)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/caching/index.md

As long as the stored response remains fresh, it will be used to fulfill client requests.

> When a response is stored in a shared cache, it is possible to inform the response's age. Continuing with the example, if the shared cache stored the response for one day, the shared cache would send the following response to subsequent client requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a response is stored in a shared cache, it is possible to tell the client the age of the response. Continuing with the example, if the shared cache stored the response for one day, the shared cache would send the following response to subsequent client requests.
```

(Just a suggestion. I'm not sure why you changed "inform the client" to "inform the response" here. It looks wrong to me, but maybe I'm missing something?)
